good afternoon Hello, I’m from Ukraine, the
city of Khmelnitsky, where are you from
Smolensk? Yes, I’m here with people Usually they
ask here how you feel about a
special military operation
Well, I think it would be
asking if it would start then
Are you ready to support first now
you should already ask
in which country  Whom to support in the
wrong way I ask why if you have the letter
Z on a T-shirt I understand who you support
don’t pay attention to
Zelensky Maybe
you are on which side to support Ukraine
or Russia
I am for Ukraine
because I think it’s a failure Well, yes, that is, we
each think that-  then on the
basis of their intellectual
capabilities But
intellectual
water
, look here
Men men who lived in Germany
but intellectual intellectual
capabilities they allow people to draw
certain conclusions based on
certain information and life
experience
For example, if a person, say, watches the
news and draws normal conclusions from them,
then  him intellectual
in
Opportunities Normal and a person can watch news information [music] and what is reflected I think that for example he can analyze there he thinks thoughts Any person can analyze You can also I can analyze Yes, some African person who Let's try to analyze Let's try to analyze look here I am conducting such an analysis If yes, I’ll do an analytical task for you now See if if we If we look That Russia fled there from the Kyiv region of Zhytomyr Chernihiv Kherson from Kharkov so does that mean that Russia received a star again, you know how you would initially just not I’m mistaken, you remember when there were some agreements in Turkey and took it away, maybe you understand that it didn’t make sense, I’m directing to what it is and therefore, how would she cast the troops, she took advantage of this negotiations, she just drank the Ukrainian troops there, they shelled those territories for a couple of days and t  only after that they went there, that is, how would Ukraine not, well, not kick out the battles of Russia, and now look I can’t understand it turns out If it was an agreement that Russia was withdrawing And what Russia received in return because it turns out that Russia made six goodwill near Kyiv life of goodwill near Kharkov in Kherson she constantly makes a life of goodwill but she doesn’t get anything she is that the state is a goof Do you think that Russia should have what was Turkey’s agreement about because everyone tells me about it I say nobody can say that Russia should get give look very simply we are told so that the agreement was such that Russia receives [ __ ] and withdraws its troops in return and the agreement was fully implemented Yes, but what do you say it turns out because of what Russia withdrew troops that she received in return and we are told that Zaporizhzhya Luhansk Donetsk region is the territory so And you were waiting for Kherson How did you surrender the territory to Russia
now
they are shelling they came out because they went out in the cities
and now it turned out
hard
Dude is shorter than the mobilization tape recorder
Moscow by what agreement they sank the
cruiser Moscow of
course
by some agreement they sank the
cruiser Moscow
stupidly In short stupidly recites what they
ask